[GCP] Docs for GCP reservation permission and fix auto reservation (#3328)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/cloud-setup/cloud-permissions/gcp.rst

    compute.images.get
    compute.images.useReadOnly

> 9. **Optional**: If the user sets ``gcp.prioritize_reservations`` or ``gcp.specific_reservations`` in :ref:`~/.sky/config.yaml <config-yaml>`, you can additionally add the following permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. **Optional**: If your organization sets ``gcp.prioritize_reservations`` or ``gcp.specific_reservations`` in :ref:`~/.sky/config.yaml <config-yaml>`, you can additionally add the following permissions:
```

.. code-block:: text

>     compute.reservations.list

Reviewer: Do we need to add `get` as well? Used in code.

Author: Tried without `get` permisison, and it seems instance creation with `specific_reservation` still works : )

Author: It seems the `get` permission is not required for listing and creating the instance with the reservation. Just removed it from code.
